IMX500 docs (#3860)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/raspberry-pi/pcie.adoc

For more information about the PCIe FPC connector pinout and other details needed to create third-party devices, accessories, and HATs, see the https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/pcie/pcie-connector-standard.pdf[Raspberry Pi Connector for PCIe] standards document. It should be read alongside the https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/hat/hat-plus-specification.pdf[Raspberry Pi HAT+ Specification].

> NOTE: Starting with version 2020-06-05 of the Raspberry Pi 5 bootloader, Enumeration of PCIe devices behind a switch is preliminary supported. See also this https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/issues/1833[issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Only certain devices [support](https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/issues/1833[support]) enumeration of PCIe devices behind a switch.
```
